Software Architect (f/m/d) Simulation Control Stations for Airbus - job post
STRATO Personal GmbH
4.54.5 von 5 Sternen
85077 Manching
Festanstellung, Arbeitnehmerüberlassung, Vollzeit
Informationen zum Profil
Gleichen Sie hier die Qualifikationen für den Job mit Ihrem Profil
ab.
Fähigkeiten

Haben Sie Berufserfahrung im Bereich Verhandlungsgeschick?
&nbsp;
Stellenbeschreibung
Gleichen Sie hier die Stellenbeschreibung mit Ihrem Profil
ab.
Anstellungsart

&nbsp;
Arbeitsort
85077 Manching
&nbsp;
Leistungen
Aus der vollständigen Stellenbeschreibung

    Reisekostenerstattung

&nbsp;
Vollständige Stellenbeschreibung

Take off with us!

We offer exciting projects at our renowned customer Airbus Defence and Space and we are looking for a motivated employee for the position "Software Architekt" (f/m/d) Simulation Control Stations

(Reference number: 0466SU2025ADS)

Your tasks:

    Communicate with stakeholders and customers to gather and understand requirements
    Define and architect the software foundation for simulation control stations, instructor operating stations and flight training debriefing stations
    Design intuitive and user-friendly interfaces using a custom GUI framework based on Qt/QML
    Define and maintain the overall technical architecture of the software, including the design and organization of the codebase, interfaces to other systems, the overall structure and organization of the software
    Design, develop, test and maintain software by writing clean, efficient and maintainable code, and follow software development best practices. Analyze and debug software issues, and fix bugs
    Identify and address technical risks and issues, and implement mitigation strategies as needed
    Participate in planning, stand-up, review and retrospective meetings according to software development methodolgy
    Participate in code reviews and ensure the code meets the defined coding standards
    Ensure the software system design and architecture is scalable, maintainable and can be integrated with other systems
    Mentor and train junior engineers in the Qt/QML technology stack and the derived architecture


Your profile:

    Completed studies in the field of computer science or a comparable qualification
    Experience in software development with focus on frontend/UI applications
    Experince in designing and implementing complex software architectures in a collaborative environment
    Strong proficiency in C++ and Qt/QML technology stack is a must have
    Experience with modern DevOps pipelines, containerization, and agile software development methodologies
    Negotiation-level English skills
    German is a plus


We offer you:

    Permanent employment contract
    Perspective to be taken over at our customer
    Salaries above the general pay scale and incentive compensations (bonus)
    Equal pay model
    Company pension scheme with employer subsidy
    Well-directed training and further education opportunities
    Employee recommendation program with attractive compensations (bonus)
    Individual and local support and advice
    Travel allowance
    Assumption of costs for work cloth and health examinations
    fleixible working hours and partly home office
    Innovative and leading companies like Airbus Operations, Airbus Aerostructures, Airbus Defence & Space, Premium Aerotec, Airbus Helicopters and the aerospace supply industry

Interested?

Then please apply with your complete application documents. (Curiculum vitae and your certificates from the last three professional positions.)

Please understand that your documents cannot be returned because of organizational reasons. Therefore, refrain from sending expensive folders and photos, as well as original documents.

Please note that we process or store your data electronically in our IT system when you apply, in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Data Protection Act. With your application you agree to the electronic processing / storage of your data. You can disagree at any time if you do not want your data stored.

As a dynamic and modern personnel service provider we offer you, based on our long-standing experience and extensive market know-how in a wide range of different industries, exciting job positions at interesting and innovative companies. Benefit from our national and international networks and use STRATO personal as your personal steppingstone. We offer you comprehensive support and take over all administrative processes related to the application - and of course it is free of charge for you.

STRATO personal GmbH

Temporary Employment/Employment Placement/Outsourcing/Head Hunting/Onsite Management
